************************************************************************
* Orca Search PDF indexing plugin - Installation guide                 *
************************************************************************

This plugin will enable the Orca Search script to index PDF files.
Setting up this extension requires you to download the pdftotext binary
from the XPDF package.

Before downloading, make sure you know the *server* software which is
running at your website, *not* the operating system you are currently
using on your desktop computer.  It is the *server* software which
dictates which version of the XPDF package you need to download.

http://www.foolabs.com/xpdf/download.html

Scroll down to the section titled "Precompiled binaries" and choose the
package which matches your server software.  Once you have the package,
unzip it to a temporary directory.

The XPDF package contains many different PDF tools, but all we need is
the pdftotext binary.  If you have the Windows package it will be called
pdftotext.exe, and if you have the Linux package, it will just be called
pdftotext without any extension.

Upload this file to your os2/plugins/ directory and set permissions so
it may be executed by the script.  eg. on *nix servers, you need to
CHMOD this file to 755.  Also upload the indexing plugin file itself
"index.pdf.php" to the os2/plugins/ directory and include the file in
your "config.ini.php" file:

include "plugins/index.pdf.php";

The next step is to enable indexing of the pdf MIME-type in the Spider
Panel (application/pdf).  Once you've submitted this, a new Indexed
MIME-type will appear giving you important information as to the status
of the plugin.  First of all, make sure the path to the pdftotext binary
is correct.  Second, since the script creates temporary files while
indexing, the os2/temp/ directory needs to have script writing
permissions enabled.  That's CHMOD 777 on *nix servers.

If there are no more visible error messages after submitting, the
extension is functional!  PDFs should now be grabbed and indexed during
the next spider crawl.

IMPORTANT: you should double check your URI ignoring and filtering rules
in the Spider Panel to make sure your soon-to-be-indexed PDFs will not
be blocked.  The Orca Search comes with the pdf extension blocked by
default; you will need to manually remove the extension from the list of
Ignored Extensions.